Now again, let's practice what we learned.
We have this basic form component here.
Let's go to app JS and swap this simple input here
for the basic form component.
And of course they we will also add D import here
to basic form from dot slash components
basic form so that if we saved that, we got this form.
Now this is still a form, still, not too fancy
but it of course now has three inputs instead of two.
And it's a brand new form without any validation at all.
And I now want you to again, apply what we learned
if possible, of course, without looking at simple input
at least not in great detail and use our custom hook here
or if you're feeling super fancy,
try building up that custom hook from scratch again,
to again practice what we did over the last lectures.
So start with the validation here
by using state in the basic forum,
started with validation for the individual inputs,
then build your custom hook
and then start using that hook for the inputs.
If you're getting stuck with that
simply go back to the previous lectures, to see how we built
up the validation logic and the customer step-by-step there
and then try it on your own again.
Once you're done with that
continue with the next lecture
because there I will wire up this brand new form
to our custom hook and then take it from there.